starts like 20 minutes okay here we go
so we need to sort through the tickets
as quickly as possible to see we want so
does anybody have any ideas how to
organize this okay how about this we
divide them into six groups of 40 and
the remaining 10 can be read by whoever
finishes their pile first oh I have
another idea
I'm sorry idea time is over all the
tickets in the bowl yes what about the
ones you have on the nightstand there
are no tickets on the nightstand yes sir
I just saw him a few minutes ago huh no
you didn't you must be mistaken
honey they were like 20 tickets on the
nightstand Chandler sense the tone okay
fine
about 20 extra tickets from me and
Chandler oh the psychic also said that I
would be betrayed I can't believe this I
thought we were all in this together hey
you just got in five minutes ago three
minutes ago
I don't know why that's important I was
with you the whole time we were in
Connecticut when did you even get those
when you are reading the dirty magazines
without taking off the plastic that's
right okay well Monica suppose one of
your special tickets wins how are you
gonna feel when you win the lottery and
you lose all your friends please if I
win the lottery you guys are not gonna
leave me someone gave me a basket of
mini muffins last week and I couldn't
get ready here for three days
jailor would you just tell her what she
did was wrong she's right you shouldn't
have bought tickets just for us let me
finish however it doesn't look like I'm
gonna get this job so I can't afford to
have principles so screw you the tickets
are ours
there's the man I'm married all right
believe me if you win the lottery it's
the last you're gonna hear from us fine
don't be my friends
I'll buy new friends yeah and then I'll
pay for their plastic surgery so they
look just like you yeah well my tickets
too and I'm buying the Knicks and Steffi
Graf then I want mine too and if I win
I'm gonna put it all into a very low
yield bond keep all the tickets together
no we should divide them up and I should
get extra because we use my car to buy
them Burt Burt if anybody gets extra
tickets that should be me this whole
thing was my idea
oh yeah thanks for inventing the lottery
just give them to me out I'll split em
up
okay if she jumps I'd get her tickets
we're not doing this together we're not
doing it off say goodbye to your tickets
can I call a little bit closer valuable
things are getting squished it's more
important your friends or money
friends Anna Monica what about your
extra tickets they're all in there even
these five that I handed my bra okay
good
there is no way I was gonna jump this I
think I brought your bowl
beautiful night to be running around the
street looking for tickets and the
windshear made it fun maybe we lost half
of them so what Monica we have the
winning ticket my psychic said I was
gonna win remember weird your psychic
didn't mention anything about the scary
pigeon as a matter of fact she said
that's how I'm going to die so excuse me
for being a little skittish hey there's
two messages